docs: Add Topology Spread Constraints and minDomains to FAQ (#4476)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/faq.md

The Karpenter maintainer team is also discussing a consolidation mechanism [in this Github issue](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/3256) that would allow existing capacity to be rolled when a new DaemonSet is deployed without having to set [priority or preemption](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/) on the pods.

> ###Why aren’t my Topology Spread Constraints spreading pods across zones?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why aren’t my Topology Spread Constraints spreading pods across zones?
```

You need this space here to render correctly.

Karpenter will provision nodes according to `topologySpreadConstraints`. However, the Kubernetes scheduler may schedule pods to nodes that do not fulfill zonal spread constraints if the `minDomains` field is not set. If Karpenter launches nodes that can handle more than the required number of pods, and the newly launched nodes initialize at different times, then the Kubernetes scheduler may place more than the desired number of pods on the first node that is Ready.

> The preferred solution is to use the [`minDomains` field in `topologySpreadConstraints`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/#topologyspreadconstraints-field), which is disabled by default in Kubernetes 1.25/1.26, and enabled by default in Kubernetes 1.27.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preferred solution is to use the [`minDomains` field in `topologySpreadConstraints`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/#topologyspreadconstraints-field), which is enabled by default starting in Kubernetes 1.27.
```

Don't think its useful to mention when you can't use it :)
